Checkpoint 1: I don't know if I did something wrong but I rendered all 9 images and they all look exactly the same to me. I don't know if theres something wrong with my computer or if thats how its supposed to be but each image looks exactly the same even tho they have different settings for each pass Checkpoint 2: The motion blur image is taken at keyframe 2 because that is when the cube is actually in motion. Since motion blur is enabled we don't get a clear look at the cube as it is blurred since it is in motion. It is a pretty cool render of the cube moving. Checkpoint 3: In checkpoint 3 it is obvious that the glass sphere is the main focus of the picture because the background around it is fairly blurry and obviously not the main point of the render. By focusing on the glass sphere we put all the other objects in the scene out of focus. Checkpoint 4: Adding the cube that surrounds the scene and setting its density to .1 creates a bit of a foggy look to the scene. You can tell that the image is being clouded by something and the whole thing comes out much blurrier than any of the other renders. The objects towards the front are easier to see than those towards the back.

This activity allowed the user to explore the different types of rendering options along with motion blur and setting scenes. As I mentioned above, I didn't see many changes in each
individual render but I was able to learn a lot from the motion blur portion. I thought it was cool to render the second frame of a 3 frame animation and look at how the cube
was blurred while moving. We also learned about blurring images in the background so as to focus on the object at the forefront. I think this is very useful to set the users 
perspective especially since this is a realistic view of an image. When you are focused on a particular thing the images in your peripheral are blurry and out of focus. Creating
the volume cube around the image and lower the transparency makes it so there is a fog around the image. This could be useful if you want to render a bit of an out of focus setting.
Overall, this was one of my favorite activities.
